= facet

'facet' is a scaffold generator for starting new RubyGem projects based on {Jeweler}[https://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler].

== Supported Ruby versions and implementations
facet should work identically on:

* Ruby 1.9.3
* Ruby 1.9.2
* Ruby 1.8.7

== Install

You can install facet by gem.
 gem install facet

== Usage

=== scaffold new RubyGem project
 $ facet hello-gem

=== run rspec
 $ rake spec
This task also measure the code coverage in Ruby 1.9.2/1.9.3.

=== measure the code coverage(Ruby 1.8.7)
 $ rake spec:rcov
 
=== output CI reports
 $ rake ci:setup:rspec spec

=== set gem version
 $ rake version:write MAJOR=0 MINOR=1 PATCH=0

=== increment major version
 $ rake version:bump:major

=== increment minor version
 $ rake version:bump:minor

=== increment patch version
 $ rake version:bump:patch

=== build gem
 $ rake build

=== release gem to RubyGems.org
 $ rake release
 
=== CI reporting
 $ rake ci:setup:rspec spec

=== Other

Rake tasks are based on {Jeweler}[https://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler].

You can get more information from {github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler}[https://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler].

== Contributing to facet
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Kenji Hara. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

